hello everyone I am in this
live moment of the studio puts in I
am trying to register a new
album that should appear in the month of
March very quickly March the weekend and it's
the studio for me this is one of
most exciting moments of the
creation of the album am always when
even impressed to see a tank that
we compose that we write the points while
alone at home and then finally we
arrives in the studio with a guitar a
voice
and then to the whole process of the
creation for me that 's what fascinates me from
see the judge each instrument is from
see what a simple shock was
composed at home can become and everything
while we are here with each other at
rust and I'm the simple little face to
the grandeur of the work and the impact
that single champion each one would have
just not register his calves risk
that toured around the world by
years and years by is enabled
life all that gold for me it's really
one of the most important moments
the project is right now I'm working
with an extraordinary team and then
we try with this album we want
really push even further but
music that's a lot of albums that I
do but for each album I tell myself that
this one is going to be the best but I
really think that this one is very likely
to be the best
otherwise I find that if the
best I like the direction
that it is taking a shot of
luck obviously his singing
of adoration jean adoration but there are
really like a sense of destiny in
the direction of the texts were not
departure it was not in the direction that
I will take it more we do not write anymore I have
written that I composed more I feel
really it's an album intended for the
sell two hopes a lot of hope and
of perseverance to continue before
that's what happens high level and
my prayer is really that it's expensive
that this album is a source
inspiration for all people
who will listen to it and I really pray
that many be part of
in the coming years of your
assemblies of your celebrations into your
churches and I have very very
more and hear this new project and
then here too waters we will do everything
for this album and this is the best
possible and above all that is a plus
great a diction that more rarely
so, see you soon
and be blessed abundantly and above all
that his songs a source
of inspiration for each person